# 【Top 10 Penetration Testing Tools of 2023 - GoUpSec】

## Top 10 Penetration Testing Tools of 2023 - GoUpSec


> This article compiles and inventories the top ten security penetration testing tools that every security tester should be familiar with. GoUpSec

Penetration tester, sometimes called ethical hacker or red team hacker, is an exciting cybersecurity career, but as market demand grows and competition continues to increase, the career barriers to penetration testing are constantly rising, and proficiency in penetration testing is Popular penetration testing tools have become essential skills for the penetration testing profession. Below, we have compiled and inventoried the top ten security penetration testing tools that every security tester should be familiar with:

**1. Indusface WAS**

Indusface WAS is an advanced web application security scanner that provides manual penetration testing and automatic web application vulnerability scanners. The scanner can perform website reputation checks on links and malware during each scan based on the OWASPTOP10 list. It contains the scanning and detection function of Webshell. It uses a variety of technologies and algorithms to detect various types of webshells, including the latest variants and unknown webshells. Indusface WAS has a good user interface and friendly operation mode, and can automatically scan and detect, greatly improving work efficiency.

**2. Acunetix**

Acunetix is ​​a fully automated web vulnerability scanner that detects and reports over 4,500 web application vulnerabilities, including all variations of SQL injection and XSS.

It automates tasks that used to require hours of manual testing, delivering accurate results at the fastest speeds with no false positives.

Acunetix fully supports HTML5, JavaScript and single page applications as well as CMS systems. It provides advanced manual tools for penetration testers and integrates with popular issue trackers and WAFs.

**3. Intruder**

Intruder is a powerful vulnerability scanner that identifies cybersecurity vulnerabilities in digital assets, highlights the threats they pose, and provides remediation assistance before a data breach occurs. Intruder is on par with vulnerability scanning tools from large banks and government organizations, helping security teams save a lot of time to focus on what really matters.

Intruder is also an ideal solution to assist in automating penetration testing operations.

Intruder's security testing includes looking for configuration errors, missing security updates, and a wide range of web application issues such as SQL injection and cross-site scripting.

**4. Core Impact**

With over 20 years of industry experience, Core Impact from Core Security is a powerful penetration testing platform that enables security teams to safely perform complex tests using the same methods as attackers.

Core Impact helps penetration testers focus on more complex problems because its Rapid Penetration Testing (RPT) feature automates the time-consuming and repetitive process.

**5. Hexway**

Hexway provides users with two self-hosted workspaces designed for vulnerability management and penetration testing (PTaaS).

It is designed to collect and standardize data from penetration testing tools including Nmap, Nessus, Burp and Metasploit so that users can access it quickly and easily.

Furthermore, Hexway is not just a penetration testing or data aggregation tool, but a practical way to improve your workflow, help speed up testing and increase business revenue.

**6. Cobalt Strike**

Cobalt Strike is a threat simulation program ideal for simulating the cyber tactics and strategies of sophisticated adversaries.

Today, Cobalt Strike is the red team platform of choice for many governments, large corporations, and consulting firms, who use Cobalt Strike's post-exploitation agents and teamwork tools to test blue teams and evaluate incident responses.

**七、Invincible**

Invicti is a very precise automated scanner that finds vulnerabilities in online applications and Web APIs, such as SQL injection and cross-site scripting vulnerabilities. Invicti can also verify and determine whether a vulnerability is real (and not a false positive).

So once the scan is complete, you don't need to waste hours manually confirming the discovered vulnerabilities.

**8. Metasploit**

Metasploit is one of the most popular and advanced penetration testing frameworks.

Metasploit provides an ideal platform for penetration testing because when compromised, it executes a "payload", which is code that performs actions on the target system. It can be applied to servers, networks, online applications, etc.

Metasploit is compatible with Linux, Apple Mac OS X and Microsoft Windows and provides a command line interface.

Metasploit is a commercial product, but there are some free, limited trials available.

**9. Wireshark**

Wireshark is essentially a network protocol analyzer that provides users with detailed information about network protocols, packet information, decryption, and more.

It works on many different operating systems, including Windows, Linux, OS X, Solaris, FreeBSD, and NetBSD.

Through a GUI or TTY mode program, the user can examine the information obtained using Wireshark.

**10. W3AF**

W3af is a web application attack and audit framework. Its main functions include: fast HTTP queries, incorporating web and proxy servers into the code, injecting payloads into different types of HTTP requests, etc.

W3AF runs on Linux, Mac OS X and Windows and provides a command line interface.

All versions of W3AF are available free of charge.