# 【What is a DDoS attack? What are its attack phenomena?】

## What is a DDoS attack? What are its attack phenomena?


> In recent years, network attacks have been frequent and the number has increased accordingly. In particular, attacks against websites have become more and more intense, showing explosive growth. The most common attack against websites is DDos attacks. It is easy to be attacked if you are not careful. to paralysis.

Author: Admin • Published by:2023-11-13 13:59 • Column:

　　In recent years, network attacks have been frequent and the number has increased accordingly. In particular, attacks against websites have become more and more intense, showing explosive growth. The most common attack against websites is DDos attacks. It is easy to be attacked if you are not careful. to paralysis. So what is a DDoS attack? What are its attack phenomena? Let’s take a look.

　　What is a DDoS attack?

　　DDoS attack is a distributed denial of service attack. DDoS attack method is a type of attack method based on traditional DoS attack.

　　A single DoS attack generally adopts a one-to-one approach. By creating and sending a large flow of useless data, it causes network congestion to the attacked host, exhausts its service resources, and makes the attacked host unable to communicate with the outside world normally.

　　With the development of computer and network technology, DoS attacks have become more difficult, and DDoS attacks have emerged.

　　The principle is very simple: the processing power of computers and networks has increased by 10 times, and using one attack machine to attack is no longer effective. Then DDoS uses more puppet machines to launch attacks, with a larger attack force than before. scale to attack the victim.

　　In addition, DDoS attacks can not only attack computers, but also routers, because routers are a special type of computer.

　　What are the phenomena of DDoS attacks?

　　① There are a large number of waiting TCP connections on the attacked host.

　　②The network is flooded with a large number of useless data packets

　　③The source address is false, creating high traffic of useless data, causing network congestion, and preventing the victim host from communicating with the outside world normally.

　　④ Taking advantage of the flaws in the transmission protocol provided by the victim host to repeatedly issue specific service requests at high speed, making the host unable to process all normal requests.

　　⑤In severe cases, it may cause the system to crash.

The article comes from the Internet: What is a DDoS attack? What are its attack phenomena?

Original article, author: Admin, please indicate the source for reprinting: https://secvery.com/11647.html